Clarify the relationship between network digital twin and the network management (#12)
cheneyzhoucheng/network-digital-twin: draft-irtf-nmrg-network-digital-twin-arch.md

interrelation and real-time interaction, iterative operation and
process optimization, full life-cycle and comprehensive data-driven
network infrastructure.  Currently, digital twin has been widely
acknowledged in academic publications and adopted in Industry 4.0.
See more in {{concept}}.

A digital twin for networks can be built by applying Digital Twin
technologies to networks and creating a virtual image of real
network facilities (called herein, emulation). Basically, the digital

> twin for networks is an expansion platform of network simulation and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
twin for networks is an expansion platform of network emulation and
```

> can be seen as a powerful tool for scenario planning, impact analysis,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be seen as a tool for scenario planning, impact analysis,
```

> and change management. The main difference compared to traditional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and change management. The main difference compared to conventional
```

network simulation is the interactive virtual-real mapping and data
driven approach to build closed-loop network automation.  By
integrating network digital twin into the network management, it

> allows network maintenance engineers to test and model optimisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows network maintenance engineers to assess, model, and tweak optimization
```

strategies in a risk-free environment, ensuring that only the most

> effective changes are implemented in the real network. Digital twin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
effective changes might be implemented in the real network (i.e., subject to adequate validation and control checks). Digital twin
```

for networks also play a crucial role in root cause analysis,

> providing a sandbox for testing hypotheses and validating the outcomes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
providing a sandbox for assessing hypotheses and validating the outcomes
```

> of data-driven insights without impacting end users. Therefore,digital

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of data-driven insights without impacting end users, when adequate isolation guards are in place. Therefore, digital
```

optimization, improving the automation and intelligence level of the
network.

## Characteristics of Network Digital Twin  {#def}

So far, there is no standard definition for characteristic of "network
digital twin" within the networking industry.  This document introduces

> four key elements (i.e.,data, models, mapping,and interfaces) to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
four key elements (i.e., data, models, mapping, and interfaces) to
```

characterize the network digital twin. These four elements can be

> integrated with the network mangement system to analyze,diagnose, emulate,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrated into a network management system to analyze, diagnose, emulate,
```
